1. What makes a model "linear"? "Linear" in what?

A model is linear if its parameters aren't exponents or 
multiplied/divided by another parameter and its predictor 
variables appear only in the first power. 

2. How do you interpret the coefficient for a dummy/one-hot-encoded variable? 
(This is a trick question, and the trick involves how you handle the intercept of the model.) 
There's further explanation at the end of this document, if needed.

drop_first=True argument is added when one-hot-encoding to build a model with an intercept which drops 
one of the categories to remove redundancy as one variable can be inferred or predicted by the other variables. 
This allows the model to estimate the coefficients properly instead of incorporating redundant information. 
The column that was dropped becomes the baseline categroy, making the intercept to be the average of that dropped column. 
The coefficient for a dummy/one-hot-encoded variable is the difference between each average of the categories
and the baseline category. 

3. Can linear regression be used for classification? Explain why, or why not.

Linear regression cannot be used for classification because linear regression predicts continuous variables 
while classification requires discrete class labels. 

4. If you have a high accuracy on training but low on testing, what might be the problem? 
It also might be you see a pattern in the residuals.

The problem is overfitting. The model learns the training data too well which makes it 
diffcult to generalize to new data.

5. Review this page: Non-Linear with Linear. What are two ways to incorporate nonlinear relationships between your 
target/response/dependent/outcome variable y and your features/control/response/independent variables x?

The two ways to incorporate nonlinear relationships between the target and feature variables is by using 
a DecisionTreeRegressor and PolynomialFeatures from the scikit learn package. The DecisionTreeRegressor object
directly shows the nonlinear relationship, while PolynomialFeatures is used to create a new matrix with polynomial 
terms that can be applied to the LinearRegression object. 

6. What is the interpretation of the intercept? A slope coefficient for a variable? The coefficient for a dummy/one-hot-encoded variable?

The intercept is the expected/average value of the target variable when the feature variables are 0. 
The slope coefficient for a variable is the change in the target variable for a unit increase in one feature variable when 
holding other variables constant. 
The coefficient for a dummy/one-hot-encoded variable is the difference between each average of the categories
and the baseline category. 
